# CreateLinodeInstanceRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**image** | Option<**String**> | An Image ID to deploy the Linode Disk from.  Access the Images List ([GET /images](/docs/api/images/#images-list)) endpoint with authentication to view all available Images. Official Linode Images start with `linode/`, while your Account's Images start with `private/`. Creating a disk from a Private Image requires `read_only` or `read_write` permissions for that Image. Access the User's Grant Update ([PUT /account/users/{username}/grants](/docs/api/account/#users-grants-update)) endpoint to adjust permissions for an Account Image.  | [optional]
**root_pass** | Option<**String**> | This sets the root user's password on a newly-created Linode Disk when deploying from an Image.  * **Required** when creating a Linode Disk from an Image, including when using a StackScript.  * Must meet a password strength score requirement that is calculated internally by the API. If the strength requirement is not met, you will receive a `Password does not meet strength requirement` error.  | [optional]
**authorized_keys** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | A list of public SSH keys that will be automatically appended to the root user's `~/.ssh/authorized_keys` file when deploying from an Image.  | [optional]
**authorized_users** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | A list of usernames. If the usernames have associated SSH keys, the keys will be appended to the root users `~/.ssh/authorized_keys` file automatically when deploying from an Image.  | [optional]
**stackscript_id** | Option<**i32**> | A StackScript ID that will cause the referenced StackScript to be run during deployment of this Linode. A compatible `image` is required to use a StackScript. To get a list of available StackScript and their permitted Images see [/stackscripts](/docs/api/stackscripts/#stackscripts-list). This field cannot be used when deploying from a Backup or a Private Image.  | [optional]
**stackscript_data** | Option<[**serde_json::Value**](.md)> | This field is required only if the StackScript being deployed requires input data from the User for successful completion. See [User Defined Fields (UDFs)](/docs/guides/writing-scripts-for-use-with-linode-stackscripts-a-tutorial/#user-defined-fields-udfs) for more details.  This field is required to be valid JSON.  Total length cannot exceed 65,535 characters.  | [optional]
**booted** | Option<**bool**> | This field defaults to `true` if the Linode is created with an Image or from a Backup. If it is deployed from an Image or a Backup and you wish it to remain `offline` after deployment, set this to `false`.  | [optional][default to true]
**backup_id** | Option<**i32**> | A Backup ID from another Linode's available backups. Your User must have `read_write` access to that Linode, the Backup must have a `status` of `successful`, and the Linode must be deployed to the same `region` as the Backup. See [GET /linode/instances/{linodeId}/backups](/docs/api/linode-instances/#backups-list) for a Linode's available backups.  This field and the `image` field are mutually exclusive.  | [optional]
**backups_enabled** | Option<**bool**> | If this field is set to `true`, the created Linode will automatically be enrolled in the Linode Backup service. This will incur an additional charge. The cost for the Backup service is dependent on the Type of Linode deployed.  This option is always treated as `true` if the account-wide `backups_enabled` setting is `true`.  See [account settings](/docs/api/account/#account-settings-view) for more information.  Backup pricing is included in the response from [/linodes/types](/docs/api/linode-types/#types-list)  | [optional]
**swap_size** | Option<**i32**> | When deploying from an Image, this field is optional, otherwise it is ignored. This is used to set the swap disk size for the newly-created Linode.  | [optional][default to 512]
**r#type** | **String** | The [Linode Type](/docs/api/linode-types/#types-list) of the Linode you are creating.  | 
**region** | **String** | The [Region](/docs/api/regions/#regions-list) where the Linode will be located.  | 
**label** | Option<**String**> | The Linode's label is for display purposes only. If no label is provided for a Linode, a default will be assigned.  Linode labels have the following constraints:    * Must begin and end with an alphanumeric character.   * May only consist of alphanumeric characters, dashes (`-`), underscores (`_`) or periods (`.`).   * Cannot have two dashes (`--`), underscores (`__`) or periods (`..`) in a row.  | [optional]
**tags** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | An array of tags applied to this object.  Tags are for organizational purposes only.  | [optional]
**group** | Option<**String**> | A deprecated property denoting a group label for this Linode.  | [optional]
**private_ip** | Option<**bool**> | If true, the created Linode will have private networking enabled and assigned a private IPv4 address.  | [optional]
**interfaces** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::CreateLinodeInstanceRequestAllOf1InterfacesInner>**](createLinodeInstance_request_allOf_1_interfaces_inner.md)> | An array of Network Interfaces to add to this Linode's Configuration Profile.  Up to three interface objects can be entered in this array. The position in the array determines the interface to which the settings apply:  - First/0:  eth0 - Second/1: eth1 - Third/2:  eth2  When updating a Linode's interfaces, *each interface must be redefined*. An empty interfaces array results in a default public interface configuration only.  If no public interface is configured, public IP addresses are still assigned to the Linode but will not be usable without manual configuration.  **Note:** Changes to Linode interface configurations can be enabled by rebooting the Linode.  **Note:** Only Next Generation Network (NGN) data centers support VLANs. Use the Regions ([/regions](/docs/api/regions/)) endpoint to view the capabilities of data center regions. If a VLAN is attached to your Linode and you attempt to migrate or clone it to a non-NGN data center, the migration or cloning will not initiate. If a Linode cannot be migrated because of an incompatibility, you will be prompted to select a different data center or contact support.  **Note:** See the [VLANs Overview](/docs/products/networking/vlans/#technical-specifications) guide to view additional specifications and limitations.  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


