# CreateLinodeInstanceRequestAllOf1

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**backup_id** | Option<**i32**> | A Backup ID from another Linode's available backups. Your User must have `read_write` access to that Linode, the Backup must have a `status` of `successful`, and the Linode must be deployed to the same `region` as the Backup. See [GET /linode/instances/{linodeId}/backups](/docs/api/linode-instances/#backups-list) for a Linode's available backups.  This field and the `image` field are mutually exclusive.  | [optional]
**backups_enabled** | Option<**bool**> | If this field is set to `true`, the created Linode will automatically be enrolled in the Linode Backup service. This will incur an additional charge. The cost for the Backup service is dependent on the Type of Linode deployed.  This option is always treated as `true` if the account-wide `backups_enabled` setting is `true`.  See [account settings](/docs/api/account/#account-settings-view) for more information.  Backup pricing is included in the response from [/linodes/types](/docs/api/linode-types/#types-list)  | [optional]
**swap_size** | Option<**i32**> | When deploying from an Image, this field is optional, otherwise it is ignored. This is used to set the swap disk size for the newly-created Linode.  | [optional][default to 512]
**r#type** | Option<**String**> | The [Linode Type](/docs/api/linode-types/#types-list) of the Linode you are creating.  | [optional]
**region** | Option<**String**> | The [Region](/docs/api/regions/#regions-list) where the Linode will be located.  | [optional]
**label** | Option<**String**> | The Linode's label is for display purposes only. If no label is provided for a Linode, a default will be assigned.  Linode labels have the following constraints:    * Must begin and end with an alphanumeric character.   * May only consist of alphanumeric characters, dashes (`-`), underscores (`_`) or periods (`.`).   * Cannot have two dashes (`--`), underscores (`__`) or periods (`..`) in a row.  | [optional]
**tags** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | An array of tags applied to this object.  Tags are for organizational purposes only.  | [optional]
**group** | Option<**String**> | A deprecated property denoting a group label for this Linode.  | [optional]
**private_ip** | Option<**bool**> | If true, the created Linode will have private networking enabled and assigned a private IPv4 address.  | [optional]
**interfaces** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::CreateLinodeInstanceRequestAllOf1InterfacesInner>**](createLinodeInstance_request_allOf_1_interfaces_inner.md)> | An array of Network Interfaces to add to this Linode's Configuration Profile.  Up to three interface objects can be entered in this array. The position in the array determines the interface to which the settings apply:  - First/0:  eth0 - Second/1: eth1 - Third/2:  eth2  When updating a Linode's interfaces, *each interface must be redefined*. An empty interfaces array results in a default public interface configuration only.  If no public interface is configured, public IP addresses are still assigned to the Linode but will not be usable without manual configuration.  **Note:** Changes to Linode interface configurations can be enabled by rebooting the Linode.  **Note:** Only Next Generation Network (NGN) data centers support VLANs. Use the Regions ([/regions](/docs/api/regions/)) endpoint to view the capabilities of data center regions. If a VLAN is attached to your Linode and you attempt to migrate or clone it to a non-NGN data center, the migration or cloning will not initiate. If a Linode cannot be migrated because of an incompatibility, you will be prompted to select a different data center or contact support.  **Note:** See the [VLANs Overview](/docs/products/networking/vlans/#technical-specifications) guide to view additional specifications and limitations.  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


